

1. "Holding onto anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned." - Buddha

2. "Speak when you are angry, and you will make the best speech you will ever regret." - Laurence J. Peter

3. "You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger." - Wayne Dyer

4. "Anybody can become angry – that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way – that is not within everybody's power and is not easy." - Aristotle

5. "Anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond what you were." - Cherie Carter-Scott

6. "Anger is often more hurtful than the injury that caused it." - English Proverb

7. "In a moment of anger, think twice; in a moment of calm, think once." - Unknown

8. "Anger is an emotion, not a behavior. When you manage the emotion, you can choose the behavior." - John Gottman

9. "He who angers you conquers you." - Elizabeth Kenny

10. "Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools." - Albert Einstein

11. "Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your unguarded thoughts." - Buddha

12. "Anger is the wind that blows out the lamp of the mind." - Robert G. Ingersoll

13. "The greatest remedy for anger is delay." - Seneca

14. "Anger is one letter short of danger." - Eleanor Roosevelt

15. "Anger is never without a reason, but seldom a good one." - Benjamin Franklin

16. "You can't shake hands with a clenched fist." - Indira Gandhi

17. "Anger is a wind that blows out the lamp of the mind." - Robert Green Ingersoll

18. "Anger is a valid emotion. It's only bad when it takes control and makes you do things you don't want to do." - Ellen Hopkins

19. "When you react, you let others control you. When you respond, you are in control." - Bohdi Sanders

20. "The best fighter is never angry." - Lao Tzu

21. "Anger is the feeling that makes your mouth work faster than your mind." - Evan Esar

22. "Anger is like a storm rising up from the bottom of your consciousness. When you feel it coming, turn your focus to your breath." - Thich Nhat Hanh

23. "Anger is an indication of a weak character." - John Locke

24. "People won't have time for you if you are always angry or complaining." - Stephen Hawking

25. "Anger is the result of love. It is energy for the defense of something you love when it is threatened." - David Augsburger

26. "Anger, if not restrained, is frequently more hurtful to us than the injury that provokes it." - Lucius Annaeus Seneca

27. "Anger is a short madness." - Horace

28. "Bitterness is like cancer. It eats upon the host. But anger is like fire. It burns it all clean." - Maya Angelou

29. "If you kick a stone in anger, you'll hurt your foot." - Korean Proverb

30. "Anger is an expensive luxury in which only men of certain income can indulge." - George William Curtis








